hey guys X Fox here and this is going to
be a quick guide slash tutorial on how
to beat I move that there reach cliff
caves now I'm pretty sure you can run in
here any time you want the doors not
locked on the cave or anything like that
I actually got this as a quest so here
I'm just again trying to you know get in
there and just clear it out so you could
see here I am level 23 when I come here
I think though you can probably do this
when you're a lot lower I do have a the
Huntress with me you can get here by
doing me basically the compete come
complete companions quest in Whiterun so
here you're going to find a few mobs I
mean you get a few of these rook
alright even though you say a drug
rights and they're actually pretty
difficult I mean they can definitely do
some damage to your guy and they
definitely take a lot of time to fill so
again those druker right guys always
seem to give my guys some problems here
but we're go ahead and beat them down so
pretty simple this first room of course
nothing all that's too difficult to kill
in here I didn't really see any special
hidden items or anything like that I
just wanted to go ahead and continue on
here so we're going to come out to a
different main room here are another
little open room again with a few more
of these trigger right guys in an archer
so you know again still a little
difficult to beat here again you have
they I guess one of the necromancers
cast that X art guy right there so here
I was going to try and beat him down
because I knew the X arc would
eventually go away but looks like I was
getting a little low on health I always
wanted to go ahead and pop healing here
get away from it a little bit and let
that big frost guy over there beat up
the other guy so here got enough health
I'm going to go right back in and kill
this guy right here so at the other
mage that he spawned out there was gonna
die so perfect went ahead and killed him
took a look at a few of the items again
nothing all that great I kept looking
around here for specific you know tips
or tricks or hidden items but I really
didn't see anything so here again I went
ahead and saved because I wasn't quite
sure what I was gonna expect so I did a
quick save and of course gonna find a
little few more these guys here I get
all pretty simple not all that difficult
so here I was going to try and run and
jump over to that to that treasure box
over when I hit the hit the thing on the
top and fall down here so here again you
fight two of these guys down here all
real real easy to beat here you can see
I beat those guys down absolutely with
no problem so my Huntress is gonna
follow me down here in this cave system
is actually pretty shallow if you want
to call it that there's not a lot of
tips or tricks in here there's not you
know 50 or 60 rooms there's about 10
believe it or not we're about what two
minutes in this video and we're actually
about 50 percent done with this level
already you are going to fight a
quote-unquote Lord at the end here but
it is pretty easy to beat so you don't
really you don't really got to worry
about that wasn't quite sure you know if
you had to push one and then run or what
but here all it does is simply just open
that door and that's it I can hear
another door open so I wasn't sure if
when I closed it if another door
somewhere else closed maybe like a
secret door but I said you know what
let's just open it ready and keep it at
that right so I took a look in here and
didn't really find anything just looking
around again I was second okay let's
let's go ahead and pull this lever and
see what happens oh it's gonna close the
door okay so
again I can hear another door open so I
wasn't quite sure if there was another
secret here so here we're going to come
to this sort of main boss guy here he's
got it sitting down at the head the
table so you basically just kill these
other two of his minion guys here which
are all pretty easy to kill but him
himself is actually pretty hard
especially for my guy wearing heavy
armor so here again I'm going to go
ahead and pop healing just to get out of
his way here I try jump it up on that
ledge but for some reason like I didn't
want to jump some to keep popping that
wait for my guy to get built up a little
bit here we're gonna go ahead and kill
the druga scourge lord 6 here he does a
decent amount of blocking I'm just going
to try and hack and slash as much as I
can doing some decent damage to it but
not enough I mean we're about equal
health so I didn't want to risk it so
I'm gonna go ahead and pop hearing again
here and try to get out of this guy's
wave you can see here I thought my aide
the Huntress was right there in front of
me but oh it's actually him right to my
right so I got to keep trucking I'm
going to go ahead and use this table to
my advantage
so I'll keep going around this thing
because again yeah you know I don't want
to get close to me and do a couple hacks
and kill my guy so I'm always quicker of
course than the than the other guys
here's all this continue to go around
have my mage or have my Archard lady
here my Huntress do some damage to him
and now of course I see that I'm you
know pretty much ready to rock and roll
I'm pretty sure I can beat this guy so I
was like yeah why don't I finish him off
with some arrows but I'm not my guys on
archers so of course I'm not all that
great at this and you know I completely
miss them I think I get him with one
more right here
yep so I get him with one okay not bad
and I figure okay let's go ahead and
let's go ahead and finish him off here
see my Huntress is back up hopefully
gonna land a nice blow on him so perfect
I know that I can beat him here I'm
gonna come in for the last blow and beat
him down so that's how I was able to
beat him he was again sort of difficult
for my level I thought he would have
been a lot easier but you know that's
how I beat him so I'm always curious
again in your comments how you guys beat
him what level you're at and of course
if there was any secret tips or tricks
or anything in these caves I do see the
the chests over there to the right so
I'm going to take a look at that but I
didn't really find anything that great
in here so if you guys can definitely go
ahead and subscribe I got a ton of
Skyrim stuff thanks again for watching